This cute world NixOS and Flakes unofficial book (#781)
NixOS/nix.dev: source/recommended-reading.md

## Other Articles

- [NixOS and Flakes - An unofficial book for beginners](https://nixos-and-flakes.thiscute.world) (2023) 
  

>   This tutorial uses the [NixOS](nixostutorial) operating system and the experimental Nix [Flakes](flakes) functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This tutorial is an introduction to {term}`NixOS` using the experimental Nix [Flakes](flakes) functionality.
```
